In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
[lively music]
-They're so in sync with each other!
-You're right!
Someday I hope I'll find someone I can
share everything with, like they do.
[sighs]
But till my father
starts letting me go out more often,
that probably won't be happening.
Are you sure your dad won't let you come?
It's such a bummer.
You know how overprotective he is.
One day, he'll realise I'm not a child,
but we're not there yet!
[Nino] Big finish... here we go!
You don't wanna miss this.
Yeah!
[laughter]
[Nora] Oh, shoot! Did I miss the ballet?
Nora, is your match over already?
First round, total knockout!
As usual!
And I've told you not to call me
Nora in front of people, little sis!
The name is Anansi, like the spider!
Sure, I'll call you Anansi,
when you stop calling me "little sis".
Anyway, what are you all still doing here?
Don't you have school tomorrow?
We're waiting for it to get dark.
It's the World Cup Fireworks show tonight.
[Alya] We'll watch it from
the Place de la Concorde ferris wheel!
Oh, no! Baguette and Cappy can go
with Cellphone Boy if they want,
but you're staying here!
It's way too dangerous!
But, Nora... I mean, Anansi...
you can't do that!
Yeah, no way, dude!
We're not going without Alya!
I appreciate you worrying about me,
but I'm not a little girl any more.
Besides, Mom and Dad
are totally cool with it!
There have been too many akumatised
peeps in Paris these last weeks.
Look how many times
you've been in direct danger!
So, you're staying home, safe and sound.
Period!
That's so ridiculous! The twins
were akumatised right here, at home!
That would have never happened
on my watch!
I won't let anybody mess with my family.
Like the other day at the square?
What happened?
We came across a man handing out flyers.
[Marinette] Nora thought the man
was akumatised
and wanted to turn Alya
into a banana zombie!
Uh... Er... How was I supposed to know
it was some stupid costume?
What would happen
if the ferris wheel stopped working
because some akumatised dude
refused to pay?
Once you flyweights can actually defend
yourselves, like me,
we'll talk about it!
But Ladybug and Cat Noir would save us
if there were any problems!
Uh-huh! And what if Mr Whiskers
is catching a mouse
and that beetle's been sprayed
with bug spray? What then?
I can protect Alya if I have to!
Oh, yeah? And how are you planning
to defeat the villain?
A dance-off?
[mocking laugh]
I'd do anything to protect Alya!
Hmm... Ha!
OK, Alya can go out with you guys...
if you beat me at an arm wrestle.
Please, don't arm wrestle on my account!
I don't need to be protected!
You don't stand a chance against Anansi!
She's way too strong!
Hey! Dude!
Sorry, Nino!
I'm sure we'll work something out?
We gotta go
or else we'll miss the fireworks!
Forget it. You guys go without me.
-Huh?
-Huh? No way!
-OK, Nino will arm wrestle you!
-What?
Nino will prove to us that he can defend
Alya and every one of us, because...
-Marinette, what are you doing?
-I got this!
Because, uh... because love
and friendship make your muscles bulge!
Yeah! Thanks, Marinette!
All right! In position!
Ready... set... go!
[battle cry, then groans]
Really? Is that all you got?
She's gonna rip his arm off!
[yawning]
-Oh! Over there, an akuma!
-What?
And the winner is... Nino!
-Huh?
-Oops, my bad! It was just a fly!
[Marinette laughs]
You rock, Nino! Come on, let's go!
[Marinette] If we leave now,
we'll get there just in time!
Cheaters! There's no way I could have
been beaten by that flyweight!
If I hadn't been distracted, I--
That's it, Nora!
You lost the challenge. Deal with it!
I've had it
with your over-protective smothering!
I'm going out with my BFFs,
and I don't care what you think! Alya out!
Uh... See you, Nora! Uh, I mean Anansi!
[nervous laughter]
Grr!
A big sister with the best of intentions,
unappreciated and unwanted,
ideal prey for my akumas.
Fly away, my little akuma,
and evilise her broken spirit!
They don't understand.
They have no idea of the dangers.
They're so clueless!
Anansi, I am Hawk Moth.
They didn't want
your support and protection.
I'm giving you the power to show them
just how dangerous the world really is!
In return, you must defeat
Ladybug and Cat Noir
and bring me their Miraculous.
Let the match begin, Hawk Moth!
Just in time! Look at that!
Whoa!
-What's up?
-Oh! Uh! Nothing...
Whoa! It's beautiful!
Thank you, guys!
Marinette, behind you!
I saw something go by. What was it?
I don't see anything. Maybe it was a bird.
Dude! Please don't tell me
we're gonna be stuck up here!
I thought you said you'd protect us.
Over there! A supervillain!
Uh... Maybe you shouldn't film her, Alya.
You don't want to attract her over here!
A new scoop for the Ladyblog.
Ladybug and Cat Noir
should be showing up any minute!
I think my wi-fi is losing signal!
My friends are in danger!
Plagg, claws out!
[lively music]
[suspense music]
[screaming]
[Anansi] Well, well,
there you are, flyweights!
Nora?
Nora's not here to protect you any more!
I am Anansi, Super Spider!
[screaming]
[Cat Noir] All those arms. Convenient!
But you destroyed my scratching post.
Need a hand, kitty cat?
Nora! No!
You're no match for me, kitten!
[grunting]
[Cat Noir screams]
[evil laugh]
-Go fetch the ferris wheel!
-Huh?
[screaming]
Now that you can't cheat any more, Cappy,
show us just how you plan
to protect your friends!
[evil laugh]
Come and get her,
if you're not a flyweight!
-Alya!
-Nino!
[suspense music]
Nino, wait!
I'm not a flyweight
and I don't need your help to prove it!
Tikki, I think I messed up,
we've gotta stop Nino... and save Alya!
Tikki, spots on! Ha!
[lively music]
Thank you, Cat Noir!
You do pretty well without me, I see!
But it's so much nicer
when you're here, milady!
Let's go show that spider
what two superheroes are capable of!
[Ladybug] Ha!
Alya!
Nino! Don't stick around!
Well, well, well! Look who it is!
Anansi! You let Alya go right now!
Oh, yeah?
And how exactly is a weak little flyweight
gonna force me to release my prisoner?
[battle cry]
[Anansi laughs]
[Nino screams]
Watch out! You need to leave this
to the professionals!
This isn't over, Spider!
So, it's two versus one now?
Fine with me! Round two! Fight!
-Cat Noir!
-On the floor already? We just started!
-Are you OK?
-Everything except my pride.
The akuma must be in her headgear!
Yeah, but she's so strong
we can't even get near her!
OK, change of plan.
I take care of Anansi.
You release the prisoner!
It'll distract her enough
to drop her guard.
[Cat Noir] Look out!
Ding, ding, ding!
Bell's ringing! Round three! Fight!
[dynamic music]
Seriously? Oh!
[Anansi laughs]
Er, milady? I think I got myself
into a sticky situation!
Looks like I've already got a catch!
You'll be next, beetle!
I don't think so!
[Ladybug screams]
You're like a cat
caught in a spider's web!
Technically,
spiders don't actually eat cats.
I suggest we make an exception for you,
kitty-cat!
Anansi, grab his Miraculous from him!
Are you OK, dude? Er, I mean, Ladybug!
Yeah, but we'll need some help!
Lucky charm!
[lively music]
A candle? Of course! But I don't have
enough time to do a round trip!
Maybe I could help you?
I get it. It's cool. I'm no superhero.
I tried to save Alya,
but I guess I'm not strong enough.
[Ladybug] Let me tell you
a secret... Uh...
Nino! The name's Nino!
Nino, when you're facing a villain,
strength makes no difference,
courage and determination do!
[Ladybug] We can't let her get
Cat Noir's Miraculous!
Use this to distract her.
I won't be long!
[Cat Noir grunts]
Where did you hide your earrings?
Anansi, the earrings
are Ladybug's Miraculous.
Cat Noir's magic jewel is a ring.
Why didn't you just say so?
[Nino] Hey, arachnid!
Ah, so you're back, Cappy!
I trust you, Nino!
Master,
Nino won't hold off Anansi for long!
She's about to get Cat Noir's Miraculous.
We can't let that happen!
[suspense music]
[Master Wang Fu] Marinette Dupain-Cheng,
pick an ally you can trust to fight
alongside you on this mission.
Choose wisely.
Such powers on hand
to serve a greater good.
Once the mission is over, you must
retrieve the Miraculous from them.
[Ladybug] I need a protective Miraculous.
That's the one I need, Master!
If it's OK with you.
Do you have someone in mind, Marinette?
Actually, I think I've found
just the right person!
Wow! Be careful! What are you trying
to do with that little stick?
On your left! No! On your right!
No, the other right!
You're gonna hurt yourself!
Anansi, enough toying with you prey!
Concentrate on seizing
Cat Noir's Miraculous!
[Nino screams]
Nino!
[suspense music]
So, who's the flyweight now, huh?
Grr! All right, big boy!
[battle cries and groans]
I suggest you stay down, Cappy!
You're gonna regret this big time!
[he laughs]
You shouldn't have
underestimated me, Legs!
Your friend's good at this!
Yeah, but I sure hope Ladybug
comes back before he gets bad at it!
Game over! Time to fly, lightweight!
Thanks, Ladydude! Uh, I mean Ladybug!
Thanks for dropping by, dude!
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
It's just you and me, kitty-cat!
Hey, Spider! Guess what?
[Cat Noir] Cataclysm!
[Hawk Moth] No! Don't touch his ring!
It's charged with destructive energy!
Hey! Make up your mind, Mothy!
I couldn't care less about it!
You're the one
who's been nagging me all evening.
Cat Noir has called on his power,
but he can't use it.
Just be patient and wait for him
to transform back.
Then the ring will be uncharged again
and you'll be able to take it from him.
Whatever. If you say so!
Hurry up, Ladybug!
I'm gonna need your help again!
Do you still want to save your friend?
I'll do anything for her!
Nino Lahiffe,
this is the Miraculous of the turtle,
which grants the power of protection!
[Ladybug] You will use it
for the greater good!
[dramatic music]
Whoa, dude!
Hello! My name is Wayzz!
Hey, little guy! What are you?
A genie, like in those fairytales?
I am a kwami. I can't grant wishes,
but I can give you superpowers!
Once the job is done, you must return
the Miraculous to me. Can I trust you?
You bet, dudette!
Then all you have to say is,
"Wayzz, shell on."
Wayzz, shell on!
[lively music]
Ha, ha, ha! That's crazy!
Stay focused! We have to hurry
before Cat Noir transforms back.
And we need him to save Alya!
Lucky charm!
[lively music]
Boxing gloves? You're not gonna fight
Anansi directly, are you?
Why not? It's a simple plan, but you have
to protect us, me, Cat Noir and Alya.
You've already proved
you're capable of doing it.
[dynamic music]
Hey, six hands! Catch this!
Change of pet?
You replaced your kitty with a turtle?
I love animals,
but I am not into spiders! Ha!
-[Anansi] You missed me!
-Did I?
[Ladybug] Anansi!
I challenge you!
One round! You win, you get my Miraculous.
I win, you release your prisoners.
What do you have to lose?
[Ladybug] In a few minutes
Cat Noir will transform back anyway!
[Hawk Moth] Don't listen to her,
it's a trap!
Don't worry, butterfly-man!
This nasty bug ain't no match for Anansi!
I'll devour you, little nasty bug!
One punch will be enough!
You can't punch the wind!
It's over!
One punch, huh? Well,
maybe if you could actually land one.
-Shut up!
-[Ladybug] Why?
Do you have trouble
doing two things at the same time?
Grr! Stay still!
Ha, ha! You're so weak that when
you're shadow boxing, your shadow wins.
Shadow this!
You can't win this fight,
so give up and give me your Miraculous!
You wish!
It's all up to you, Captain Turtle!
Use your power now!
At your service, dude! Uh! Ladybug!
Shell-ter!
Whoa!
You're not really replacing me
with a turtle, are you?
Not now, kitty.
Throw like a Ladybug, scratch like a cat!
[Ladybug] No more evil-doing for you,
little akuma.
Time to de-evilise.
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Miraculous Ladybug!
The beetle and Mr Whiskers!
What's going on here?
[alarm goes off]
Uh... sorry guys, but I've gotta split!
Cat Noir! You know you're irreplaceable!
[soft music]
Uh, uh.
[Ladybug and Nino] Pound it!
Whoa! This is a first for the Ladyblog.
A brand new superhero! What's your name?
Uh...
Carapace, call me Carapace!
See you later, bugheads!
And stay connected!
[Nino] Shell off!
Thank you for trusting me.
You were a true superhero, Nino.
Uh...
You're gaining more allies, Ladybug,
but don't rush to rejoice,
soon you might just be outnumbered!
[evil laugh]
Hey! You OK?
You weren't too scared, were you?
I'm fine! I saw that you tried to save me.
Uh... actually, no... I didn't do much.
It's not like I'm a superhero or anything!
I know perfectly well what you're like.
[embarrassed laugh]
Flyweights!
[sighs]
Truth is, I did lose the match
and my cool.
[Nora] Sorry about everything
that went down.
Nor... uh... Anansi... I... actually...
you didn't lose the game!
I helped Nino to win by distracting you.
I'm sorry.
Hey, we're cool, Marinette.
It's no big deal.
Cappy proved
that he doesn't need muscles to be strong!
[laughter]
Want a scoop? You're the best!
What if Nora came with us
to the ice rink next week?
-It'd be more fun with her.
-You're right, Nino.
Besides, I don't even remember
the last time I hung out with my big sis!
[lively music]